Remove support for loading config from project. (#6842)
plone/volto: docs/source/upgrade-guide/index.md

```
````

(volto-upgrade-guide-19.x.x)=

## Upgrading to Volto 19.x.x

> (volto-upgrade-guide-19.x.x)=

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(19-removed-support-for-loading-configuration-from-project-label)=
```

> ### Removed support for loading config from project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Removed support for loading configuration from project
```

> 

Reviewer: Although it may appear redundant so soon after the heading, it provides semantic markup. It also serves as a reminder when adding future headings to also add an admonition as needed.

````suggestion
```{versionremoved} Volto 19
```
````

> This breaking change fulfills this [PLIP](https://github.com/plone/volto/issues/6396).

Reviewer: Off-topic, but something to consider: since teams are driving PLIPs these days, with no more FWT to review them, should we number our PLIPs to designate the affected component or package? For example, `PLIP[volto] 6396`. Eventually we'll get number collisions across all parts of Plone. Can we add this as a topic at an appropriate sprint, or create a PLIP for PLIPs?

```suggestion
This breaking change fulfills [PLIP 6396](https://github.com/plone/volto/issues/6396).
```

> The old fashioned "project layout" is discouraged, in favor of the "add-on driven development" in Plone, by using a policy add-on package to configure your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The old fashioned project structure was deprecated in Volto 18.0.0-alpha.43, in favor of the "add-on driven development" in Plone.
It now uses a policy add-on package to configure your project, and is provided by [Cookieplone](https://github.com/plone/cookieplone).
```

> This layout was the one that the also deprecated `@plone/generator-volto` package used to create, based on the Razzle setup using a middle-man project artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The old fashioned structure was created by the deprecated `@plone/generator-volto` package, and was based on the Razzle setup using a middle-man project artifact.
```

There's nothing that limits to move all the config from a project to an add-on package.
See {ref}`upgrade-18-cookieplone-label` for details.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

(upgrade-18-label)=
```
